---
title: "Career Goals"
pubDate: "2008-04-04T20:16:00.000-04:00"
---

Here is one of my essays (just the body paragraphs) that I wrote regarding my career goals in the future. Hope you all like it!<br /><em><blockquote>One of my career goals is to be in the information systems field. In the eighth grade, I became interested in this field and since then, I started looking at the e-mail exchanges and internet tools that my cousins were using for planning family events. So, I thought maybe we could start our own family discussion board or a family website. At first, I told one of my cousins about the project, but soon, it had quickly spread throughout the whole family. I started the project in 2005 and have maintained it ever since. Generally, this led to the desire in wanting to assist people in communicating through the technology that exists today and developing new ones for the future.</blockquote><blockquote>Another career goal I would like to achieve would include being part of a top management firm that handles information systems or setting up an online sole proprietorship. Initially, I took many business classes at my local high school and received excellent grades. In these classes, I learned a variety of topics like web design, computer programming, software applications, and media production. A few of these classes were slightly difficult at first, however with hard work they became easy. Taking these business classes helped me build analytical and leadership skills. Therefore, pursuing majors like finance, business, or marketing will not only help me in developing my knowledge of the financial world and business models, but the classes within these majors will equip me with the proper communication, marketing, and strategic skills required to become a leader in the industry.</blockquote></em>
