---
title: "Philadelphia part 2"
pubDate: "2009-08-02T21:31:00.003-04:00"
---

This past three-day weekend I went to the Philadelphia MGOCSM <em>Hadootho</em> summer camp 2009, which was absolutely an amazing and blessed experience down in Philly, considering the fact that I was the only one from New York. Also, I met some really cool roommates and friends. On Wednesday, headed down to Philly with my cousin, Anish, and on the way we stopped at JFK airport to pick up my aunt from Kerala.<br /><br />On Thursday, woke up extra early to head down to the campus to set things up and all. We did a couple of icebreaker activities and listened to a couple of devotionals and messages by the main speakers. That evening, had a barbeque, met some really cool and nice people there, and bouncing the volleyball high in the air. On Friday, did the usual on the listed routine, got the official camp t-shirts, and had a retreat-mode evening to night in preparation for Holy Qurbana. On Saturday, celebrated the Holy Qurbana at 9:00 AM, and cleaned everything up after people checked out. After the camp, made a pit-stop at Anita's house and then went straight to Jobin's apartment, talked, watched a movie for a bit, and slept early because I was tired. <br /><br />Today, went to service at St. Gregorios, Philadelphia and was a newcomer there as well. It was my first time seeing the church after the consecration, in which the church looked beautiful. Anyway, went back to the apartment, watched another movie (<em>Alvin and the Chipmunks</em>), and headed back to New York with the family. Also, made another pit-stop at Walgreens to prepare our trip to India this Tuesday, that should be fun then!
