---
title: "The Wedding Weekend!"
pubDate: "2010-04-19T15:07:00.003-04:00"
---

So starting on Friday evening, went to Queens to go meet up there to get ready for my cousin, Ranjit and Erica's wedding rehearsal dinner. When we got to church things went well smoothly, and after that went off to dinner and got a chance to converse with both families.<br /><br />Anyway, the following day which was the big wedding day for my cousin, went over to his house at like ten in the morning for getting ready, breakfast, some photo shoots, and prayer. Then, went inside the limo on the way to church and to the reception hall. But on the way to the reception, we made a pit stop for another photo shoot at a beautiful place, which happened to be private property, but then again managed to get through it. Both the wedding and reception were really wonderful and well-organized, especially the band that played all night. After the reception, which ended at like elevenish, went inside a bar until one (didn't know how I got in) and conversed with some really cool people of Ranjit and Erica. I later went back to my hotel room (shared with Justin and Alex) and slept at three or so, and woke up at about eight in the morning. That Sunday morning, went off to have brunch and started to check out of the hotel.<br /><br />After the marvelous wedding, my sister and I went with the Colorado family on the way home. Then made a pit-stop on the bridge (don't remember which one though) to help out an accident that just occurred in front of us. So, went home, got some rest, and went off to Syosset for Jabin's birthday party, which also turned out great as well as some people, including myself, were really tired from the wedding weekend. So overall, I have had an amazing and fun-filled weekend to remember with family and friends. Also, I have met some of the old school Iota Nu Delta brothers there at the wedding as well, which was pretty much to me a big honor to meet them.
