---
title: "Week 12 and a Fun-Packed Weekend!"
pubDate: "2009-11-30T18:41:00.003-05:00"
---

This past week I only had class on Monday. On Wednesday, went over to my former high school to pick up my diploma, nothing much has changed after I graduated. Then went off to Justin and Alex's house to help me with some homework before going on vacation on Thursday. On Thursday, actually packed up and went off to Philly for Thanksgiving dinner at Nathan's house. At the party, ate some delicious food there and then eventually played taboo because some people got bored. After that, slept over at Anita's house.<br /><br />On Friday, woke up early to go on a family reunion trip to Virginia. The adults were in the big van, while the kids were in the jeep. On the way there, stopped by the DC area to visit, yeah that's right!, the White House. Also, stopped by with lunch at this restaurant called Cracker Barrel. Then, it got dark, and all of our phones were out of range, when we finally reached there at the Eagle Landing cabins. Throughout the weekends, actually took the time to get to have fellowship and fun with everyone. We all did activities like playing games (e.g. Scattergories), canoeing, hiking, and zip-lining (although I didn't go). On Saturday night, our family had this talent show for some people perform, which was pretty hillarious especially the ones introducing the Molethu Family Enterprises. Then, on Sunday, packed up and was ready to hit the roads. Actually showed up at Philly around six and went home back to New York and reached at like eleven. I felt pretty tired from the long drives in and out of Virginia, but a blessed time with my huge Molethu family.<br /><br />Oh yeah also I think I actually won this week for my fantasy football league, even though I didn't pay attention.
