---
title: "Who am I really?"
pubDate: "2014-03-17T17:54:00.000-04:00"
---

<div dir="ltr" style="text-align: left;" trbidi="on">
So, I forgot to post this yesterday but here goes.<br />
<br />
I actually didn't have a bad weekend at all. A couple of cousins from Philly came on Saturday to spend lunch with us, while they were still here in New York. After that, was getting ready to head out to a future leadership camp committee interest meeting at 'cherry lane' church. On the way there, I was pretty darn excited, I got the radio pumped to a high enough volume, got a parking spot (not that it matters) and met some old and new friends. But then again, I get excited because I definitely want to be a part of this once-in-a-lifetime experience assisting with the technology aspect of things for the year to come. We've had the pleasure of having a former NYLC convener and a former committee member speak about their experience(s). After hearing, I didn't know if I wanted to sign-up or not. A while later, it was time to nominate people for convener(s) and lead(s) for the respective sub-committees. I mean I hear all sorts of names of those who were/are active and those who weren't. Out of nowhere, I hear a young gentleman say 'Chris', pointing at me apparently (I initially thought there was someone named Chris behind me, knowingly there wasn't). And another young gentleman seconded that. I could've sworn I had no intention on becoming convener nor lead, I just wanted to be a part of this just for the technology support. After hearing my name, I was thinking of what Moses said to God of who am I to lead these people? Like really? ME?! I wanted to decline at first because most people who were nominated did as well, but then again, I was talking to the person right next to me (who happens to go to my parish) and she said "let's see how it goes." So, I didn't resist raising my hand wanting to decline. After that, there were three remaining candidates, and each were given a short message on why they are good for the job of being convener (just to be clear: the result is not official until the diocesan metropolitan bishop says so). <a href="http://sabhaadvocate.blogspot.com/2007/12/diocesan-assembly-electsme.html" target="_blank">I felt like Sunil Kurian (friend's brother) as he was nominated for Diocesan Council, which is another story too long to tell</a>. As my turn came up, I said I involved myself in many activities within the national and area levels (i.e. website, leadership camps, missions trip, etc.). I mean I forgot some things out, but as they were tallying the results and said the other two won, I kind of felt a little overwhelmed because I thought I'd let those two people down for mentioning my name. While on the way back home, I was thinking over and over throughout the weekend, I was thinking what am I good for then? I mean do people care so much about a camp website, the logistics, and other important types of information?. I guess what I'm trying to say is that sure I felt a little sad, but then again satisfied at the same time for making some sort of influence unto others. I guess that's what truly matters in life, the little and ordinary things.<br />
<br />
As Thirumeni (bishop) and the diocesan team looks over all of the applications, please pray for them as they make a suitable decision in making a fantastic team to be a part of this truly life-changing experience.<br />
<br />
UPDATE: Well, by the Grace of God, I've made the New York Leadership Camp committee. Sadly, I'm not convener nor lead, but I have the greatest title of all: <a href="http://instagram.com/p/LJ0N2TFi6B" target="_blank">WEBMASTER</a>. Visit us on the web at <a href="http://nylc2015.com/" target="_blank">nylc2015.com</a>.</div>

